Add support for not reporting empty test assemblies (#26)
Tyrrrz/GitHubActionsTestLogger: Readme.md

**Default**: `false`.

> **Warning**:
> If your test suite is really large, enabling this option may cause the summary to exceed the [maximum allowed size](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-commands-for-github-actions#step-isolation-and-limits).
> 

> #### Include not found tests in summary
> 
> Use the `summary.includeNotFoundTests` option to specify whether test assemblies that did not yield any tests to run should be included.
> 
> Using [test filters](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/testing/selective-unit-tests?pivots=mstest) might result in some test assemblies
> not yielding **any** tests. This might be done on purpose in which case reporting these may not be helpful. 
> 
> The default behavior is to include test assemblies without any tests in the report.
> 
> **Default**: `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Include not found tests in summary

Use the `summary.includeNotFoundTests` option to specify whether test assemblies that did not yield any runnable tests should be included in the summary.

Using [test filters](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/testing/selective-unit-tests) might result in some test assemblies
not yielding **any** tests. This might be done on purpose in which case reporting these may not be helpful. 

The default behavior is to include test assemblies without any tests in the report.

**Default**: `true`.
```
